When you’re starting to produce content, creation is about structure. When you get good, it’s about what goes into that stucture. You should understand the structure well before changing the words.
That 

Writing is like problem-solving and if you are telling yourself that you need to be in the same place every day to write, that is like the tail wagging the dog instead of the dog wagging the tail.

Writing is something that’s personal that you’re doing very publicly.

You want to write to create characters that as are that are as complex in their decision-making as you are. When they do something, their actions should be fraught with meaning. This is what it's like when it’s working well.

The audience get a vote. According to Wright Thompson, his Pulitzer Prize winner friend thinks about the attention spans of theatergoers constantly when making his plays and scenes. and thinks about that as he makes his plays. You have to think about meeting them where they are.

What what is the second section in magazine writing?

Stories exist like gravity. A story has fundamental parts that are repeated over and over. When you are “story writing,“ you take something that feels like something’s compelling and you’re just looking for that storytelling path and trying to walk it.

southern writing does very well articulating central internal human conflicts that are expressed outwardly on the southern landscape. But exists a southern culture feature prioritizing the past over what’s going on in the present.

You shouldn’t write around holes. You should focus on what you know and focus on the details because they are important. A Michael Jordan quote: For you to know the roles of everyone on the team, you don’t have to look further than the nicknames given to each team member by the security personnel. Michael Jordan was called Yahweh where the others were Butler and blah blah blah.

Reporting is finding out what you wanna know, finding out who can tell you what you wanna know or how to get access to that place that has wgat you wanna know, and then acquiring that knowledge. That’s the real job.

Something you get better at what time is asking the question of a piece in a not so hand over fist way?

You shouldn’t think you know what people want because you fundamental we can’t know what they want. (unclear)

The best writing advice for TV is tell don’t show because the camera does the showing.

Writing for a documentary is best when it feels  very sparse and almost like you’re putting a top spin on whatever you’re showing off. It is the art of inserting extraneous ideas and framing subtley. Writing for an article is like telling about something in a point in time.

You create a universe when you are writing a book.

Competitiveness, joy, empathy, mindfulness should be a part of your process every time 

Resolution shadowed by some elptical unknown is a good ending.