Introduction

Boethius was a gifted child with a passion for studying. At a young age, he caught the eye of a great Ostrogothic kind, Theodoric. He would be employed by the king to investigate a case of coin debasement, later made consul without companion, then was made magister officiorum (master of offices).

Philosphy and its study was considered “his  súmmum vitae solamente - his chief solace in life.

Boethius saw himself as the schoolmaster of the west - Campenhausen

Curious about the attribution of this quote and evidence proving it appropriate: "the duties of magister officiorum..would have parted him from his library...and from his pursuit of philosophy which he considered his summum vitae solamen - his chief solace in life." 

Boethius’ self-concept was self-prophisizing. How did calling himself, the "schoolmaster of the west" affect his life and outcomes? What are the affects of self-prophisizing? Also cool nickname.

paraphrasing quote: Everything Aristotle wrote and all Plato's Dialogues I will show that they are in agreement with eachother at decisive points. "This is the task to which I dedicate myself, so far as llife and leisure for work are vouchsafed for me"

It is only through Boethius' translations of his logic that the knowledge of Aristotle survived in the west. Wow!

What is the 4 fold way of philosophy tauted by Boethius. 

tractates = formal systemic writing

His decision to enter real politics was dictated by a sense of duty rather than a desire for fame.

rapaciousness = extreme greed

Boethius' favorite Platonic dialogue seems to have been the Republic - xx

The schism caused roman people to be skeptical of Theodoric's rule because of their culture, whichmade Theodoric distrustful of Boethius. - xxi

Boethius was formally implicated for sorcery (perhaps among other things) - xxi

* "Peter Abelard and the Middle Ages may have beeen right to venerate Boethius along with Symmachus and Pope John as orthodox martrys of Arianism, but the modern view tends to regard this as too great an oversimplification = got lots of info about why this may be the case and then author presents this as an external opinion, letting readers agree or disagree for this thing that he basically argues. - xxii

In form the Consolation belongs to the ancient genre of the consolatio, a branch of diatribe...a kind of moral medication. xxii

The Consolation is a skilled fusion of more than one genre. In part it approximates to the monologue, and in part it imitates the dialectic of the Platonic dialogues - xxiii
